EC-84: Revise Configuration, Customers, eContent, Login and Logging (#5)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/login_and_registration/login_and_registration_configuration.md

# Login and registration configuration

> When the `enable_customer_number_login` parameter is enabled, the shop can log in users with customer number:

Reviewer: Would "authenticate" work better in this context?
```suggestion
When the `enable_customer_number_login` parameter is enabled, the shop can log in users with the customer number:
```

``` yaml
siso_core.default.enable_customer_number_login: true
```

> You can specify default Location ID for users per SiteAccess:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify the default Location ID for users per SiteAccess:
```

    - /change_password
```

## Private customer registration

### Activation link recipient

> You can configure emails with activation link to be sent not to the customer, but to anothr email address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can decide that emails with the activation link are sent to a different email address rather than the customer.
```

The email message will contain this additional information:

- name of the user
- link to the user in the Back Office

``` yaml
siso_core.default.user_activation_receiver: <email>
```

> To use this feature you must also configure `related_admin_site_access` correctly:.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this feature, you must also configure `related_admin_site_access` correctly:
```

``` yaml
siso_core.default.related_admin_site_access: 'admin'
```

It is needed to build the link to the Back Office.

You have to adapt the success message of the private registration. The default one uses a text module with the identifier `success_register_private`.

> ![Example email with activation link](../img/login_3.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Example email with an activation link](../img/login_3.png)
```

## Account activation email

When the `info_email_after_user_activation` parameter is set to true,

> the customer receives an email when the account is enabled using the activation link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the customer receives an email when the account is enabled by following the activation link.
```
